ACID for the non relational:
	
	- Atomicity: The minimum size of a transaction is indivisible. It means that if you split that into even 
					smaller chuncks, then there's no transaction. This doesn't always checks in the NoSQL, because 
					the NoSQL usually is based on nodes.
	
	- Consistency: Not always a NoSQL DB is consistent, since it has a lot of replication of the data due to its 
					decentralization. When in the principal node "a" changes the value of 100 to 200, but the replication
					"a'" still has 100, then there's a lack of consistency. 
	
	- Isolation: When 3 people are editing or writing in the same file in a file system like Google Drive or One Drive, 
					there'll be generated 3 different copies of the file, each for each person, because it is impossible 
					to "isolate" the file, meaning that you can't block the rest of the users like we did in SQL.
					The NoSQL doesn't work in the traditional tree-based DB, but instead they work with JSONs. In NoSQL 
					we create a "key" to access that file, and when that file is modified, we'll have access to a partial
					information of, say, the JSON.

					Summary: NOT ALWAYS A NOSQL DB HAS ISOLATION.
	
	- Durability:  How do we get the consistency that the data will be gathered correctly (integrity) and that it will 
					be stored in the time (durability)? 

					When a transaction is cutted when it's not finished,  there may be created lacks of consistency. To deal
					with this, NoSQL uses master-slave architecture, where the slave nodes stores the data (usually 
					replicated), and the master nodes assures the integrity and consistency of that data. But there may be 
					errors in the master nodes as well, right? Right, so we make even more copies of the data between the 
					master nodes. 

					Summary: NOT ALWAYS A NOSQL DB HAS DURABILITY.

*Asynchronous replication --> When we make a kind of "back up"  from a node "a" to a node "a'" asynchronously. This means
								That every X time, we make that back up, instead of making it "online". 