- MERGE SORT: 
	Is a recursive algorithm, where the input array is partitioned in two, and then each part is 
	put as input of the same algorithm, and when it arrives to the point of each array having a 
	lenght of 1, then it starts sorting, firstly by pairs, then by quartets,...
	It's efficient with small chuncks of data O(1) of memory complexity.
	This algorithm was invented by John Von Neumann in 1945.

	Detailed explanation:
		1. Divide the unsorted lists into n sublists, each containing 1 element. (a list of 1 element is considered sorted)
		2. Repeatedly merge the sublists into sorted sublists, until there's only one. 

- INSERTION SORT: 
	Sorts one item at a time. It goes item by item, comparing it with each element of the list.

- BUBBLE SORT
	Makes a "bubble",starting from the furtherst left possible and pairing two adjecent numbers, and comparing each other. 
	The smallest of both mush always got al left, and the biggest must always be at the right. Once that pair is sorted, 
	the bubble moves rightly one position, and repeat. Once it runs the entire array, it must start over from the start, 
	and do the same again, until it assures everything is sorted (i.e. making one run and not changing anything). If the 
	array has lenght N, in the worst scenario it would run the entire array N-1 times. 

- QUICK SORT
	The steps are:

		1. Pick an element, called a pivot, from the array.
			This pick of a pivot can be:
				1. First element of the array
				2. Last element of the array
				3. Random element of the array
				4. Median element of the array.
		2. Partitioning: reorder the array so that all elements with values less than the pivot come before the pivot, 
			while all elements with values greater than the pivot come after it (equal values can go either way). After 
			this partitioning, the pivot is in its final position. This is called the partition operation.
		3. Recursively apply the above steps to the sub-array of elements with smaller values and separately to the 
			sub-array of elements with greater values.

	The base case of the recursion is arrays of size zero or one, which are in order by definition, so they never need to be sorted.

- HEAPSORT